README.md, before:

# NodeJS + MongoDB
    This repository it's a implementation of expressJS with MongoDB
    In this case the use case it is about personal finances.
# Case use
    This project is based on how to manage your own personal finances storing the data in a mongoDB schema and having a expressJS as webserver that handle the API.

    Incomes
    Expenses

# Requisites
- Node installed
- Mongo Server installed or configured a database in cloud
# Installation
- Run ``npm i`` to install the modules/libraries
- Set up the env with the following variables
    ``MONGO_HOST, MONGO_DB, MONGO_COLLECTION``
- Import the from the follwing file incomes_expenses.json
# Endpoints
| HTTP          | URL               | Action                    | Params            |
| ------------- | -------------     | ------------              |------------       |
| GET           | api/incomes/      | Get all the incomes       |  N/A              |
| GET           | api/incomes/date  | Get incomes between dates |  startDate=YYYY-MM-DD, endDate=YYYY-MM-DD |
| GET           | api/incomes/getByDays   |                       ||
| POST           | api/incomes   |||
| PUT           | api/incomes   |||
| DELETE           | api/incomes   |||
| GET           | api/expenses/      | Get all the expenses       |  N/A              |
| GET           | api/expenses/date  | Get expenses between dates |  startDate=YYYY-MM-DD, endDate=YYYY-MM-DD |
| GET           | api/expenses/getByDays   |                       ||
| POST           | api/expenses   |||
| PUT           | api/expenses   |||
| DELETE           | api/expenses   |||

Commit message:

New features added
+ it was added new services to insert, update and delete
+ it was added new errror type
+ it was added new endpoints
+ it was added moment to handle date formats

README.md, after:

# ExpressJS + MongoDB
    This repository it's a implementation of expressJS with MongoDB
    In this case the use case it is about personal finances.
# Case use
This project is based on how to manage your own personal finances storing the data in a mongoDB schema and having a expressJS as webserver that handle the API.

**Incomes** and **Expenses** 
in both cases it will allow you to add, update, remove and to get between some dates, get the last 30 days or 15 days of incomes, and also if want to retrieve all the incomes it is possible with the API.

# Requisites
- Node installed
- Mongo Server installed or configured a database in cloud
# Installation
- Run ``npm i`` to install the modules/libraries
- Set up the **.env** with the following variables
    ``MONGO_HOST, MONGO_DB, MONGO_COLLECTION``
- Import the from the follwing file **incomes_expenses.json**

# Endpoints
*Note: ``${parm}`` it can be ``income/`` or ``expense/``*
| HTTP          | URL               | Action                    | Params            |
| ------------- | -------------     | ------------              |------------       |
| GET           | api/``${parm}``/      | Get all the incomes or expenses       |  N/A              |
| GET           | api/``${parm}``/date  | Get incomes between dates |  Params: **startDate**=YYYY-MM-DD, **endDate**=YYYY-MM-DD |
| GET           | api/``${parm}``/getByDays   |Get the last *n* days. **Max: 30 days**|Params: **days** as integer|
| POST           | api/``${parm}``   |It can add one or many incomes/expenses as you like.|``body: {data: object}``|
| PUT           | api/``${parm}``   |It can update one income or expense.|``body: {id: int, data: object}``|
| DELETE           | api/``${parm}``   |It can delete one income or expense.| Param: **Id** as integer|
